[Music]
now all the captains of the forces Joe
Hainan the son of Korea
Jezza nya the son of who Shia and all
the people from the least to the
greatest came near and said to Jeremiah
the Prophet please let our petition be
acceptable to you and pray for us to the
Lord your God for all this remnant since
we are left but a few of many as you can
see that the Lord your God may show us
the way in which we should walk and the
thing we should do
I have heard indeed I will pray to the
Lord your God according to your words
and it shall be that whatever the Lord
answers you I will declare it to you I
will keep nothing back from you let the
Lord be a true and faithful witness
between us if we do not do according to
everything which the Lord your God sends
us by you
whether it is pleasing or displeasing we
will obey the voice of the Lord our God
to whom we send you that it may be well
with us when we obey the voice of the
Lord our God and it happened after 10
days that the word of the Lord came to
Jeremiah then he called you Haman the
son of Korea all the captains of the
forces which were with him and all the
people from the least even to the
greatest and said to them thus says the
Lord the God of Israel to whom you sent
me to present your petition before him
if you will still remain in this land
then I will build you and not pull you
down and I will plant you and not pluck
you up for I relent
concerning the disaster that I have
brought upon you do not be afraid of the
king of Babylon of whom you are afraid
do not be afraid of him
says the Lord for I am with you to save
you and deliver you from his hand and I
will show you mercy that he may have
mercy on you and cause you to return to
your own land but if you say we will not
dwell in this land disobeying the voice
of the Lord your God saying no but we
will go to the land of Egypt where we
shall see no war nor hear the sound of
the trumpet nor be hungry for bread and
there we will dwell then hear now the
word of the Lord all remnant of Judah
thus says the Lord of hosts the God of
Israel
if you wholly set your faces to enter
Egypt and go to dwell there then it
shall be that the sword which you feared
shall overtake you there in the land of
Egypt the famine of which you were
afraid shall follow close after you
there in Egypt and there you shall die
so shall it be with all the men who set
their faces to go to Egypt to dwell
there they shall die by the sword
by famine and by Testaments and none of
them shall remain or escape from the
disaster that I will bring upon them for
thus says the Lord of hosts the God of
Israel as my anger and my fury had been
poured out on the inhabitants of
Jerusalem so will my fury be poured out
on you when you enter Egypt and you
shall be an oath and astonishment a
curse and a reproach and you shall see
this place no more the Lord has said
concerning you O remnant of Judah do not
go to Egypt know certainly that I have
admonished you this day for you were
hypocrites in your hearts when you sent
me to the Lord your God saying pray for
us to the Lord our God and according to
all that the Lord your God says so
declare to us and we will do it and I
have this day declared it to you but you
have not obeyed the voice of the Lord
your God or anything which he has sent
you by me now therefore know certainly
that you shall die by the sword
by famine and by pestilence in the place
where you desire to go to dwell